c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\StudentsAPI.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\StudentsAPI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\StudentsAPI.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\obj\Debug\StudentsAPI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudentsAPI\StudentsAPI\obj\Debug\StudentsAPI.pdb
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\StudentsAPI.dll.config
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\StudentsAPI.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\StudentsAPI.pdb
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\obj\Debug\StudentsAPI.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\obj\Debug\StudentsAPI.pdb
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
<<<<<<< HEAD
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\api\ApiMigrationTampan\StudentsAPI\obj\Debug\StudentsAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
=======
>>>>>>> e46b4a0e1d8c5c5e503e1e330befe9dc10c716aa
